Strict abi decoder (validate incoming data instead of cleaning it) (#5815)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Compiler Features:

>  * ABI Decoder: The experimental decoder to raise an error on dirty inputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * ABI Decoder: Raise an error on dirty inputs when using the experimental decoder.
```

Language Features:
 * Provide access to creation and runtime code of contracts via ``type(C).creationCode`` / ``type(C).runtimeCode``.

> 

Reviewer: This probably shouldn't be here, should it?
